Add clarity in rerunning release drafter (#79)
meilisearch/integration-guides: guides/release-drafter.md

### Other Recommendations

- As the draft release description is generated on every push on `master`, don't change it manually until the final release publishment. Otherwise, your manual changes are going to be overwritten.

> - If you made any mistake (for example, the PR is already closed, but you forgot to add a label or you misnamed your PR), don't panic: change what you want in the closed PR and run the job again. If you're not sure where this action is: Click on action tab > in left sidebar `Release Drafter` > Click the latest action > right part of the screen click `re-run all jobs`. 

Author: ```suggestion
- If you made any mistake (for example, the PR is already closed, but you forgot to add a label or you misnamed your PR), don't panic: change what you want in the closed PR and run the job again. If you're not sure where this action is: Click on the action tab > in the left sidebar `Release Drafter` > Click the latest action > right part of the screen click `re-run all jobs`. 
```

> - If you made any mistake (for example, the PR is already closed, but you forgot to add a label or you misnamed your PR), don't panic: change what you want in the closed PR and run the job again. If you're not sure where this action is: Click on the action tab > in the left sidebar `Release Drafter` > Click the latest action > right part of the screen click `re-run all jobs`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you made any mistake (for example, the PR is already closed, but you forgot to add a label or you misnamed your PR), don't panic: change what you want in the closed PR and run the job again.

> 💡 How to re-run the "Release Drafter" job? 
> - Go to the `Action` tab.
> - Click on the left sidebar `Release Drafter`.
> - Select the latest action.
> - At the top right part of the screen click on `Re-run all jobs`.
```
